README.md, before:

# lacework Orb [![CircleCI Build Status](https://circleci.com/gh/lacework/circleci-orb-lacework.svg?style=shield "CircleCI Build Status")](https://circleci.com/gh/lacework/circleci-orb-lacework) [![CircleCI Orb Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/endpoint.svg?url=https://badges.circleci.io/orb/lacework/lacework)](https://circleci.com/orbs/registry/orb/lacework/lacework) [![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-lightgrey.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lacework/circleci-orb-lacework/master/LICENSE) [![CircleCI Community](https://img.shields.io/badge/community-CircleCI%20Discuss-343434.svg)](https://discuss.circleci.com/c/ecosystem/orbs)

A description of your orb. Utilize this orb to easily add X to your CI/CD pipeline.

**TODO:**
Publish your production orb! You may notice the badges above and links to the registry page below are not working yet, once you publish your first production version orb, these will begin to function.

What to do:
* Make changes to your `Alpha` branch.
* Flush out your integration test jobs
* Merge to `master` with "`[semver:major]`" in the commit subject to publish 1.0.0 of your orb.


## Usage

Example use-cases are provided on the orb [registry page](https://circleci.com/orbs/registry/orb/lacework/lacework#usage-examples). Source for these examples can be found within the `src/examples` directory.


## Resources

[CircleCI Orb Registry Page](https://circleci.com/orbs/registry/orb/lacework/lacework) - The official registry page of this orb for all versions, executors, commands, and jobs described.  
[CircleCI Orb Docs](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/orb-intro/#section=configuration) - Docs for using and creating CircleCI Orbs.  

### How To Contribute

We welcome [issues](https://github.com/lacework/circleci-orb-lacework/issues) to and [pull requests](https://github.com/lacework/circleci-orb-lacework/pulls) against this repository!

To publish a new production version:
* Create a PR to the `Alpha` branch with your changes. This will act as a "staging" branch.
* When ready to publish a new production version, create a PR from `Alpha` to `master`. The Git Subject should include `[semver:patch|minor|release|skip]` to indicate the type of release.
* On merge, the release will be published to the orb registry automatically.

For further questions/comments about this or other orbs, visit the Orb Category of [CircleCI Discuss](https://discuss.circleci.com/c/orbs).

Commit message:

docs: update README/LICENSE
Signed-off-by: Salim Afiune Maya <afiune@lacework.net>

README.md, after:

<img src="https://techally-content.s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/public-content/lacework_logo_full.png" width="600">

# Lacework Orb
[![CircleCI Build Status](https://circleci.com/gh/lacework/circleci-orb-lacework.svg?style=shield "CircleCI Build Status")](https://circleci.com/gh/lacework/circleci-orb-lacework) [![CircleCI Orb Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/endpoint.svg?url=https://badges.circleci.io/orb/lacework/lacework)](https://circleci.com/orbs/registry/orb/lacework/lacework) [![CircleCI Community](https://img.shields.io/badge/community-CircleCI%20Discuss-343434.svg)](https://discuss.circleci.com/c/ecosystem/orbs)

Use the Lacework Orb to add security into your CI/CD pipeline. You can run vulnerability scans and other operations.

## Usage

Example use-cases are provided on the orb [registry page](https://circleci.com/orbs/registry/orb/lacework/lacework#usage-examples). Source for these examples can be found within the `src/examples` directory.

## Resources

[Lacework Orb Registry Page](https://circleci.com/orbs/registry/orb/lacework/lacework) - Official registry page of this orb for all versions, executors, commands, and jobs described.  
[CircleCI Orb Docs](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/orb-intro/#section=configuration) - Docs for using and creating CircleCI Orbs.  

### How To Contribute

We welcome [issues](https://github.com/lacework/circleci-orb-lacework/issues) to and [pull requests](https://github.com/lacework/circleci-orb-lacework/pulls) against this repository!

To publish a new production version:
* Create a PR to the `Alpha` branch with your changes. This will act as a "staging" branch.
* When ready to publish a new production version, create a PR from `Alpha` to `master`. The Git Subject should include `[semver:patch|minor|release|skip]` to indicate the type of release.
* On merge, the release will be published to the orb registry automatically.

For further questions/comments about this or other orbs, visit the Orb Category of [CircleCI Discuss](https://discuss.circleci.com/c/orbs).
